NVAX.NQ 18.01%
Novavax Inc – Said its COVID-19 vaccine was 96% effective in preventing cases caused by the original version of the coronavirus in a late-stage trial conducted in the UK. The company said the vaccine was 86% effective in protecting against the more contagious virus variant first discovered and now prevalent in UK. While most adults in the U.S. will have the opportunity to be vaccinated in Q2 by Moderna, Pfizer/BioNTech or Johnson & Johnson vaccines, there remains a debate as to whether there will be enough “high efficacy” vaccines for the rest of the world and whether NVAX can make inroads there.

EVMAKER.STOCKS -1.39%
EV Makers – The group is set to open lower after three straight days of advances, there were reports early this morning suggesting Tesla was exploring an arrangement with TATA Motors Power division on charging stations, TATA later denied any discussions had taken place. Meanwhile, startup Canoo is said to be aiming to launch a rounded, snub-nosed pickup truck in the first quarter of 2023, and will build the vehicle in a U.S. microfactory it intends to open. NIO, XPEV, LI, TSLA, WKHS, NKLA, GOEV

CPNG.NY 6.25%
Coupang Inc – Made a lackluster debut on the NYSE yesterday after the Korean based ecommerce company raised $4.2b through its IPO. The stock fell as much as 17% closing near the lows of the session.
PLTR.NY -2.28%
Palantir Technologies Inc – Sharply lower premarket after an impressive rally Thursday, the company announced a new six-year strategic partnership with Faurecia, one of the world's leading automotive technology companies, to accelerate its digital transformation and ambition to be CO2 neutral.

GME.NY 4.06%
Gamestop Corp – Higher in the premarket after a relatively tame session Thursday still trading near a six week high. Retail investors continue to battle to keep the shares heading higher, the video-game seller dipped 1.9% to snap a six-day winning streak yesterday, its longest since September, whiplashing investors after a volatile morning. Despite Thursday's stumble, the stock remains up 156% this month compared to a 3.4% rise for the S&P 500.

BANK.STOCKS 1.29%
Banks – At or near all-time highs as a group this morning with the US 10YR yield back near the 1.6% level for the first time this week. Treasury yields are higher again as investors continue to sell bonds on expectations of a rebound in the U.S. economy helped by historic stimulus measures. The 10-year yields are close to 13-month highs this morning, bank stocks have benefited from a recent spike in yields, as well as buying into sectors more likely to benefit from an economic recovery. JPM, GS, BAC, WFC
JD.NQ -2.46%
JD.COM – Extending sharp losses from yesterday's session despite solid earnings from the Chinese ecommerce company, JD is said to be in talks to buy part or all of stake in Chinese brokerage Sinolink Securities worth at least $1.5 bln. The potential deal comes as Chinese tech majors look to expand into financial services despite a regulatory crackdown on some parts of the sector.

MVIS.NQ 7.08%
MicroVision Inc – Trading higher this morning following earnings, the lidar maker reported in-line Q4 results with revenue of $400,000 (down 91% Y/Y) and a $0.02 loss per share. The company's CEO Sumit Sharma said “I expect that the A-Sample hardware and benchmarked data, for demonstration to interested parties, will be available in Q2.

AVEO.NQ 8.93%
Aveo Pharmaceuticals Inc – Shares are higher on news of a deal and collaboration with Bristol Myers for further development of its Kidney Cancer treatment. BMY will further evaluate Aveo's FOTIVDA in combination with OPDIVO in a pivotal phase 3 trial.
ENTX.NQ 53.96%
Entera Bio Ltd – The leader in the development of orally delivered large molecule therapeutics, announced it has completed 3-month bone biomarker data analysis from the ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial of EB613. EB613 is an orally delivered human parathyroid hormone (1-34), or PTH, positioned to be the first oral bone building (anabolic) product to treat osteoporosis patients.

POSH.NQ -12.88%
Poshmark Inc – The online fashion marketplace is trading sharply lower down 12.5% after forecasting Q1 revenue below expectations, saying the online marketplace for secondhand goods struggled with deliveries due to a harsh winter and restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The company expects Q1 revenue between $75.5 mln and $77.5 mln, implying a growth of 32% to 36% from last year; analysts were expecting revenue of $79.2 mln.